Create ui-c8y-1021-62-4-when-user-is-searching-for-device-and-presses-enter-group-gets.md (#3224)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-62-4-when-user-is-searching-for-device-and-presses-enter-group-gets.md

---
date: ""

> title: Prevent unintended device group creation when users press Enter while searching for devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Prevented unintended device group creation while searching for devices
```

> title: When user is searching for device and presses enter group gets created (#8841) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8901)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Prevent unintended device group creation when users press Enter while searching for devices
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63161
version: 1021.62.4
---

> When user is searching for device and presses enter group gets created (#8841) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8901)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where pressing Enter while searching for devices to add to a new group would create this group instantly, instead of performing the search. Enter now correctly executes the search when typing device names.
```

> Fixed a bug where pressing Enter while searching for devices to add to a new group would create this group instantly, instead of performing the search. Enter now correctly executes the search when typing device names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pressing Enter while searching for devices to add to a new group, created this group instantly instead of performing the search. This issue has been fixed. Enter now correctly executes the search when typing device names.
```
